add rico-on-hold hint (#180)
rico-projects/rico: README.md

<p>

>   ⚠️ <b>IMPORTANT:</b> ⚠️ Rico has been put <b>"on hold"</b>. To learn what is meant by that please <a href="https://dev.karakun.com/rico/2021/07/02/rico-on-hold.html">read the blog post</a>  and feel free to contact us via rico@karakun.com to clarify upon questions.<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ⚠️ <b>IMPORTANT:</b> ⚠️ Rico has been put <b>"on hold"</b>. To learn what is meant by that please <a href="https://dev.karakun.com/rico/2021/07/02/rico-on-hold.html">read the blog post</a>  and feel free to contact us via rico@karakun.com to clarify open questions.<br />
```

>   ⚠️ <b>IMPORTANT:</b> ⚠️ Rico has been put <b>"on hold"</b>. To learn what is meant by that please <a href="https://dev.karakun.com/rico/2021/07/02/rico-on-hold.html">read the blog post</a>  and feel free to contact us via rico@karakun.com to clarify open questions.<br />

Author: ```suggestion
  ⚠️ <b>IMPORTANT:</b> ⚠️ Rico has been put <b>"on hold"</b>. To learn what is meant by that please <a href="https://dev.karakun.com/rico/2021/06/25/rico-on-hold.html">read the blog post</a>  and feel free to contact us via rico@karakun.com to clarify open questions.<br />
```
